feat: update PnL report events to include entries_total (#9613)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :resjson int timestamp: The timestamp this event took place in.
   :resjson str type: The type of event. Can be any of the possible accounting event types.
   :resjson str group_id: Optional. Can be missing. An id signifying events that should be grouped together in the frontend. If missing no grouping needs to happen.

>    :resjson int entries_found: The number of entries found in the current query. This limited by the "limit" field and for free this is limited by FREE_PNL_EVENTS_LIMIT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :resjson int entries_found: The number of entries found in the current query. This is limited by the "limit" field. Additionally for free users this is limited by FREE_PNL_EVENTS_LIMIT.
```
